docs: Add troubleshooting for slow Capella and unresponsive Xpra (#1750)
DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager: docs/docs/user/sessions/troubleshooting/index.md

    If you have no success, please reach out your administrator. Administrators
    can see the logs of read-only sessions.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
??? question "The TeamForCapella password doesn't work <a href="#t4c-password-doesnt-work">:material-link:</a>"

    <span id="t4c-password-doesnt-work" />

    Since we have released version 2, users have to use sessions passwords. More
    information can be found [here](../../tools/capella/teamforcapella/connect/index.md).
    If you have been added to a project recently while having a running session,
    please recreate your session to get a valid session password for the models
    of the required project.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
??? question "I can't use the `Control` key for the secondary/right-click on macOS <a href="#macos-control-key">:material-link:</a>"

    <span id="macos-control-key"/>

    Please use an external mouse or use the trackpad gesture (click with two
    fingers on the trackpad).

    The sessions run on Linux and the `Control` key can't be mapped properly
    via the remote desktop protocol.

>     Alterantively, you can use the Xpra connection method instead of Guacamole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, you can use the Xpra connection method instead of Guacamole.
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
??? question "My Xpra window doesn't react anymore <a href="#xpra-reaction">:material-link:</a>"

    <span id="xpra-reaction"/>

>     If the Xpra window doesn't react anymore, a dialog in the background might block the main window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the Xpra window doesn't react anymore, a modal dialog in the background might block the main window.
```

>     To identify a potential dialog, double-click on the title-bar of the Xpra window. Alternatively, you can minimize it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To identify a potential hidden dialog, double-click on the title-bar of the Xpra window. Alternatively, you can minimize it:
```

Reviewer: Is it really the title bar of the Xpra or the title bar of Capella's main window!?

Author: Not Capella since it can also be Papyrus oder Ecliipse. But it's the applications window. Is updated.

    ![Minimize Xpra window](./minimize-xpra.png)

>     Then, drag the window around to see if there are any other popups. If you find a popup, close it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Then, drag the window around to see if there is any other modal dialog window and close it.
```

Author: That sounds a bit like closing the main window instead of the dialog.

Author: Proposal:

Then, drag the window around to see if there is any other modal dialog window. If you find one, close it.

>     Another option is to refresh the browser tab. It will bring the popup to the front, but takes a bit longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Another option is to refresh the browser tab. It will bring the hidden modal dialog into the foreground. This step might take a bit longer.
```
